I experienced many failures. Um, all the time. The one that I'm most unhappy
with is what? When I tried to apply it to the Naval Academy and
didn't get accepted, I think another failure that I had, at least,
um, academically is when I was at Berkeley and I didn't go home and
read all the chapters. You know, they say, like, this is how you succeed,
you know, read this and do this, you know? And I didn't really
push myself as hard as I should have. And that lasted my whole career.
Sometimes I did. You know, sometimes I was, you know, during the
weekend, I just like reading, reading code and code. But other weekends,
I just, you know, like I got a C or a B on a test. And, you
know, like, I feel like, Hey, you know what? I should have really pushed
myself a little bit harder during that time. But the failures that
I have currently are the ones that are that I'm most unhappy with
Andi. This means as a chief, um, you have people under you and I I
felt them all the time. I try it. You know my hardest. I tryto get
them awards and they don't get accepted for I try to get them promoted
and they don't get, um, the the credit that they that they want.
I try to write the most fair evaluation that I that I can and some of
the ones that have the lower ones, you know, I have to explain. And
then they walked out the room and I say, Hey, how did you try to change
him? Did you try to get that? You know that three point. Oh, upto
a four point. Oh, Did you give them all the tools that were necessary
so he could succeed? And yeah, this is constant. So, um, you're
still happen all the time, But, you know, you live with them and you
have to just think that you tried toe do the best that you could
during the time